ephemeral values updates (#35906)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/resources/ephemeral.mdx

---
page_title: ephemeral resources configuration reference
description: Learn about ephemeral resource blocks that you can specify in Terraform configurations. Ephemeral resource blocks represent temporary resources that Terraform does not store in state.
---

# Ephemeral resource configuration reference

This topic provides reference information for the `moved` block. 

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a beta warning to the top of this page? Something like:
```suggestion

-> Ephemeral resources are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.1.0 and later. The workflows of ephemeral resources are subject to change.

```

## Introduction

_Ephemeral Resources_ are Terraform resources that are temporary, not stored in
state, and have a unique lifecycle. Each ephemeral block describes one or more
ephemeral resources, such as a temporary password or connection to another
system.

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a list somewhere for where you can use ephemeral resources? Something like this:

```
You can only reference ephemeral resources in specific ephemeral contexts or Terraform throws an error. The following are valid contexts for referencing ephemeral resources:
* In another ephemeral resource
* In [local values](/terraform/language/values/locals#ephemeral-values)
* In [ephemeral variables](terraform/language/values/variables#exclude-values-from-state)
* In [ephemeral outputs](/terraform/language/values/outputs#ephemeral-avoid-storing-values-in-state-or-plan-files)
```

Author: Check where I added it, not sure where else?

<!-- After page exists, add: For information about how Terraform manages ephemeral resources, refer to
[Epehemeral Values](/terraform/language/epehemeral-values). -->

## Ephemeral Resource Syntax

An `ephemeral` block declares an ephemeral resource of a specific type with a

> specific local name, much like a `resource` block. Terraform uses the name when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific local name, much like a `resource` block. Terraform uses an ephemeral resource's name to
```

> referring to the ephemeral resource in the same module, but it has no meaning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to that resource in the same module, but an ephemeral resource's name has no meaning
```

outside that module's scope.

### Ephemeral Resource Arguments

Most of the arguments within the body of an `ephemeral` block are specific to

> the selected ephemeralresource type. The ephemeral resource type's documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ephemeral resource you are defining. The ephemeral resource type's documentation in the [Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/) 
```

> lists which arguments are available and how their values should be formatted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lists which arguments are available and how you should format your resource's values.
```

> [Meta-arguments](#meta-arguments) are defined by Terraform

Reviewer: I actually think we can remove this, you cover it soon enough below
```suggestion
```

> and apply across all ephemeral resource types. 

Reviewer: To go with above suggestion:
```suggestion
```

### Documentation for Resource Types

As with resources and data sources, each provider in the [Terraform
Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/providers) includes documentation

> for ephemeral resources it supports, if any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the ephemeral resources it supports, if any.
```

## Meta-Arguments

> The Terraform language defines the following meta-arguments, which can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terraform language defines the following meta-arguments, which you can use
```

> with any ephemeral resource type to change the behavior of resources. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with any ephemeral resource type to change the behavior of those resources. These
```

meta-arguments work the same way for resources, data sources, and ephemeral
resources:

- [`depends_on`, for specifying hidden dependencies](/terraform/language/meta-arguments/depends_on)
- [`count`, for creating multiple resource instances according to a count](/terraform/language/meta-arguments/count)

> - [`for_each`, to create multiple instances according to a map, or set of strings](/terraform/language/meta-arguments/for_each)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`for_each`, to create multiple instances according to a map or set of strings](/terraform/language/meta-arguments/for_each)
```

- [`provider`, for selecting a non-default provider configuration](/terraform/language/meta-arguments/resource-provider)
- [`lifecycle`, for lifecycle customizations](/terraform/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle)

Ephemeral resources to not support the `provisioner` meta-argument.

## Ephemeral resource lifecycle

> The lifecycle of ephemeral resources is different resources and data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lifecycle of ephemeral resources differs from other resources and data sources.
```

> When provisioning ephemeral resources, Terraform will open the resource,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When provisioning ephemeral resources, Terraform opens the resource and optionally renews it one or more times before closing it.
```

> optionally renew it one or more times, and then close it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you introduce this list with an opening sentence? Like is this the traditional lifecycle or is it branching?

> 1. When Terraform needs to access the ephemeral resource result, it will open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If Terraform needs to access an ephemeral resource's result, it opens
```

> the ephemeral resource. For example, opening a vault secret ephemeral resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that ephemeral resource. For example, if Terraform opens an ephemeral resource for a Vault secret, the Vault provider obtains a lease and returns a secret. 
```

> means the Vault provider will obtain the lease and return the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. If Terraform needs access to the ephemeral resource for longer than the

> expiration time enforced by the remote system, Terraform will ask the provider

Reviewer: What is the "expiration time enforced by the remote system"? Is this a standard time? Or something dictated by the provider?
```suggestion
remote system's enforced expiration time, Terraform asks the provider
```

> to renew it periodically. For example, renewing a Vault secret ephemeral

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to renew it periodically. For example, if Terraform renews a Vault secret ephemeral
```

> resource means the Vault provider will call Vault's lease renewal API endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource, the Vault provider then calls Vault's lease renewal API endpoint
```

to extend the expiration time.

> 1. Once Terraform no longer needs the ephemeral resource, Terraform will close

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once Terraform no longer needs an ephemeral resource, Terraform closes
```

> it. This will happen once any providers that depend on the ephemeral resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it. This happens once the providers that depend on a certain ephemeral resource
```

> have completed all of their work for the current phase. For example, closing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
complete all of their work for the current Terraform run phase. For example, closing a
```

> Vault secret ephemeral resource means the Vault provider will explicitly end the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault secret ephemeral resource means the Vault provider explicitly ends the
```

lease, allowing Vault to immediately revoke the associated credentials.

> Terraform will follow these lifecycle steps for each instance of an ephemeral

Reviewer: Oh, this sentence is great! Can you move this or a version of it up to the beginning of this list?
```suggestion
Terraform follows these lifecycle steps for each instance of an ephemeral
```

resource in a given configuration.

### Dependency graph

> Ephemeeral resources form nodes in Terraform's dependency graph which interact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ephemeral resources form nodes in Terraform's dependency graph which interact
```

similarly to resources and data sources. For example, when a resource or data

> source depends on an attribute of an ephemeral resource, Terraform will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source depends on an attribute of an ephemeral resource, Terraform
```

> automatically provision the ephemeral resource first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically provisions the ephemeral resource first.
```

## Configuration model

The following list outlines field hierarchy, language-specific data types, and

> requirements in the `moved` block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requirements in the `ephemeral` block. 
```

- [`ephemeral`](#ephemeral): map
  - [`attributes`](#ephemeral): string
  - [`meta-arguments`](#ephemeral): string

## Complete configuration

An `ephemeral` block has the following form:

```hcl
ephemeral "<resource_type>" "<resource_name>" {
  <attributes>
  <meta-arguments>
}
```

> ## Specification

Reviewer: Maybe just remove this specification section for now? I understand it's tricky with a resource and I don't really think we need to figure this out for the beta

This section provides details about the fields you can configure in the `ephemeral` block.

### `ephemeral`

Map that specifies addresses for the resource. The following table describes the fields you can set in the `moved` block.

<!--FIXME: Not sure how to format/address this for this type of block -->

| Field | Description | Type | Required |
| ---   | ---         | ---  | ---      |
| `from` | Specifies a resource's previous address. The syntax allows Terraform to select modules, resources, and resources inside child modules. | string | required |
| `to` | Specifies the new address to relocate the resource to. The syntax allows Terraform to select modules, resources, and resources inside child modules. | string | required |

## Example

The following example uses the `random` provider to provision an ephemeral
resource representing a password:

```hcl
provider random {}

ephemeral "random_password" "password" {
  length           = 16
  special          = true
  override_special = "!#$%&*()-_=+[]{}<>:?"
}

> ```

Reviewer: It'd also be super nice to have a more complicated example, like setting up a provider configuration with an ephemeral resource, [like in this demo](https://hashicorp.slack.com/archives/C071HC4JJCC/p1729859992489559). If it wouldn't be too much work I think it'd really be the bread and butter of this article if you can pull it off
